WIP: BXMSDOC-7025 EAP/JWS installation docs holistic review (#3126)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/enterprise-only/installation/eap-data-source-add-proc.adoc

* The *{PRODUCT} {PRODUCT_VERSION_LONG} Add Ons* (`{PRODUCT_FILE}-add-ons.zip`) file is downloaded from the https://access.redhat.com/jbossnetwork/restricted/listSoftware.html[Software Downloads] page in the Red Hat Customer Portal.

.Procedure
. Complete the following steps to prepare your database:
.. Extract `{PRODUCT_INIT}-{PRODUCT_VERSION_LONG}-add-ons.zip` in a temporary directory, for example `TEMP_DIR`.
.. Extract `TEMP_DIR/{PRODUCT_INIT}-{PRODUCT_VERSION_LONG}-migration-tool.zip`.
.. Change your current directory to the `TEMP_DIR/{PRODUCT_INIT}-{PRODUCT_VERSION_LONG}-migration-tool/ddl-scripts` directory. This directory contains DDL scripts for several database types.
.. Import the DDL script for your database type into the database that you want to use.
//Is this correct?:

> The following example imports PostreSQL DDL script into {CENTRAL}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example creates jBPM database structures in PostreSQL:
```

Author: Fixed.
